MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 OpenGL Light Physics Simulation

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

This project includes third-party libraries with their own licenses:

GLFW - zlib/libpng License
https://www.glfw.org/license.html

GLEW - Modified BSD License, Mesa 3-D License (MIT) and Khronos License (MIT)
https://github.com/nigels-com/glew/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

Dear ImGui - MIT License
https://github.com/ocornut/imgui/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

OpenGL - Various licenses (system dependent)
https://www.opengl.org/about/

================================================================================

Educational Use Disclaimer:

This software is designed for educational purposes to demonstrate principles
of geometric optics and computer graphics. While physically accurate within
the scope of geometric optics, it simplifies many aspects of real light
behavior for clarity and performance. It should not be used for precise
optical design or engineering applications without additional validation.
